Of course. Here is a complete, step-by-step guide to run your full-stack Prakriti assessment project using Visual Studio Code.

This guide assumes you have Python, Node.js, and npm installed on your system.

Step 1: Open Your Project in VS Code
Launch Visual Studio Code.

Go to File > Open Folder... and select the root directory of your project (the main folder that contains both the frontend folder and your Python files like app.py).

Step 2: Set Up and Run the Backend (Python/FastAPI)
The backend server must be running first so the frontend has something to connect to.

Open a New Terminal: In VS Code, open a new terminal by going to Terminal > New Terminal.

Create and Activate the Virtual Environment:

Create the environment by running:

Bash

python -m venv venv
Activate it. On Windows PowerShell, the command is:

Bash

.\venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
Note: If you get an error about script execution being disabled, run this command first and then try activating again:

PowerShell

Set-ExecutionPolicy -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -Scope Process
Install Python Dependencies:

Install all the required libraries from your requirements.txt file by running:

Bash

pip install -r requirements.txt
Run the FastAPI Server:

Start the backend server using Uvicorn:

Bash

uvicorn app:app --reload
You should see output indicating the server is running, ending with a line like: Application startup complete. Uvicorn running on http://127.0.0.1:8000 (Press CTRL+C to quit)

Leave this terminal running. The backend is now active and waiting for connections.

Step 3: Set Up and Run the Frontend (React)
Now, you'll start the frontend development server in a separate terminal.

Open a Second Terminal: In VS Code, open another terminal. You can click the "+" icon or the split-screen icon in the terminal panel.

Navigate to the Frontend Directory:

Change your current directory to the frontend folder:

Bash

cd frontend
Install Node.js Dependencies:

Install all the required libraries (like React) from the package.json file:

Bash

npm install
Run the React Development Server:

Start the frontend application:

Bash

npm run dev
You will see output indicating the Vite development server is running, ending with a URL like: > Local: http://localhost:5173/

Leave this second terminal running as well.

Step 4: Use the Application
Open Your Browser: Open a web browser like Chrome or Firefox.

Navigate to the Frontend URL: Go to the URL provided by the React development server (usually http://localhost:5173). Do not go to the backend URL (http://127.0.0.1:8000).

Your AyurBot website should now be visible and fully functional. The chat interface will automatically connect to the running backend server.

Summary & Troubleshooting
You should now have two terminals running inside VS Code: one for the Python backend and one for the React frontend.

WebSocket Connection Failed?

Make sure the backend server (Step 2) is running without errors.

Double-check the VITE_API variable in your frontend/.env file. It should point to your FastAPI server's WebSocket URL (e.g., VITE_API=ws://127.0.0.1:8000/chat).

Python ModuleNotFoundError?

You likely forgot to run pip install -r requirements.txt in your activated virtual environment.

npm command not found?

This means Node.js and npm are not installed or not configured correctly in your system's PATH.